This is probably a couple days delayed. I was supoosed to enter thoughts every day, howver the transition from everyday writing on pen and paper in my diary to this digital archive is rather arduous for me. I say so because of my predisposition towards traditional methods and the very feel of paper- especially papers filled with ink. One could easily assume that I'm absolutely and totally biased in favour of pen and paper, because what better than spilling feelings on to paper without the ability of backspace. All that being said, I'm here, ain't I? Thats start enough for me. 

So, now that the plesantries and small talk is out of the way I can focus back on why i felt compelled enough to get up from my bed to write this. What was that thought? I know it's in my neural network, but its evading me right now as i have just completed my sentence. 

Yeah, so after a minute or two of trying to retrieve that information from my the synapses and neural networks that are ever so ready to sabotage me for the sheer sadistic pleasures of my tyranical mind, I distinctly remember the feeling;

"Each time I have faced setbacks and emotionaly heavy experiences, I have grown in my depth or rather the more I have unlocked more depths of my being. The potent energy of human emotions have without failed unlocked newer and unexplored territories of my mind. These continued explorations every now and then have made me a seafarer of sorts. Now, few days back I had comeup with the realisation that the more sovereign I become in my being the less susceptable to falling in pits of emotions - the harder it is for me to be sweptoff my feet in the rush of emotions." 

"With this context as i laid on my back about to sleep I imagined a vast network of roots deep and firm in the ground, each root holding loosely but collectively forming the foundation of something great and tall. That something is me, my being and this mind that houses along side my soul. I may not have a clear picture of the being I have become or where I am headed, But Im sure its great.   
